Add story and doc folders and support (#84)
yaml/yaml-spec: doc/glossary.md

  native data structure.
  Syntactically, comments are text starting with a `#` character and continuing
  to the end of the line.

  Comments may be used within YAML documents or before/between/after them (in
  the YAML stream).

* Composer

  A composer is the processor in a load stack that gets events from a parser
  and uses them to create the DOM state.

* Constructor

  A constructor is the processor in a load stack that iterates over a DOM tree
  and creates a native representation.

## D

* Directive

  A directive is an instruction to the parser.
  YAML 1.2 defines 2 directives: `%YAML ...` and `%TAG ...`.
  Directives are part of a YAML stream, but not part of YAML documents or the
  YAML data model.

* Document

  A document is a top level YAML node.
  Most YAML files consist of a single YAML document, although they may also
  have zero or multiple documents.

* Double quoted scalar

  Scalar values written in the double quote style are capable of expressing any
  possible string value.
  The double quoted style is the only scalar style capable of that.
  They use a number of escape sequences to represent non-printable characters.

* DOM

>   A DOM is an information state that is a tree of created by a composer or a

Reviewer: "tree of ..." missing word?

Author: fixed in 78dc8f2

* Flow / Flow Collection Style

  In YAML, mappings and sequences can be represented in a style that uses curly
  braces and square brackets in the same manner that JSON does.
  Block collections may contain any collection nodes in the flow style, but
  flow collections may only contain collections in the flow style.

* Folded Scalar Style

  Folded scalars occur only in block collections.
  They are indicated by a greater-than sign.
  The indented lines that follow replace newlines with a space, and two or more
  consecutive newlines with n-1 literal newlines.

* Framework / YAML Framework

  A full YAML processing implementation in a given programming language.
  A framework almost always has at least a Loader and a Dumper.
  A complete, full-featured YAML framework would also support things like
  schema processors, path referencing, DOM API and standard library support,
  among many other details.

## H

* Hash

  The word hash is sometimes used to refer to a native data structure typically
  constructed from a mapping node.

## I

* Information

  Any of the various data bits flowing through a YAML stack.

## J

* JSON

>   When used in with a the JSON Schema or a derivative of that schema, YAML is a

Author: fixed

  syntactic and semantic superset of the JSON data format.
  That is, a YAML loader using such a schema (which is typical) can load a JSON
  file and produce the same result as a JSON loading (often called `parse`)
  process.

## K

* Kind

  There are 3 kinds of nodes in YAML: mappings, sequences and scalars.
  A kind refers to the raw structure.
  A kind should not be confused with a type.

## L

* Library

  The DOM resolves tags to functions.
  These functions come from the library that is registered to the DOM; often

>   the yaml standard library.

Author: fixed

  tag function whose return type is a list type.

* Literal / Literal Scalar Style

  The literal scalar is similar to the heredoc style found in some programming
  languages like Perl and Bash.
  No character escaping is allowed and newlines are literal.
  Any valid YAML file's content can be encoded in the literal style by simply
  indenting it.

* Loader / Load

  A dumper is a processor that links all the processors of a dump stack, taking
  information all the way from native to file states.

* Load Stack

  The set of processors that move YAML information from the file state to the
  native state: read, lex, parse, compose, construct.

## M

* Mapping

  A mapping is a kind of YAML node that consists of a set of zero or more
  key/value pairs.
  Any kind of node is allowed to be a key, even though native models rarely
  support this.
  Equivalent keys (if they can be detected) are not supported.

* Model / Data Model

  This word describes elementary kinds of data that YAML represents.
  A YAML file is a stream of YAML documents each of which have one root node.
  Nodes may be mappings, sequences or scalars.
  Nodes may be annotated with anchors and/or tags.

>   An alias may be used for any node.

Author: @eemeli An alias is not a node. 
A node is an actual mapping sequence or scalar.
An alias is a reference to a node but not a node itself.
By extension, you cannot put a tag or anchor on a alias.

## N

* Native / Native Object

  A language specific state that is the final result of a loader, or the
  initial state given to a dumper.
  This state is defined by the programming language being used, or maybe a form
  crafted by the author of the application.
  Some YAML frameworks may use the DOM state as their native state.

  As an example, in Python, generic native states include dictionaries, lists,
  tuples and values.
  Custom native states include the instance objects of Python classes.

* Node

  A node is an addressable point in a YAML document.
  Mappings, sequences, scalars are nodes.
  An alias is a reference to a node.
  Anchors and tags are annotations to nodes.

* Null

  Null is a native value supported by most schemas.
  The plain value `null` as well as the plain empty value is most often used to
  represent it.

## P

* Parser / Parse

  A parser is the processor in the load stack that reads tokens, matches them
  against a grammar and write events.

>   It make also throw an error if the tokens don't match the grammar.

Author: applied

  Plain refers to the quoting style of a scalar where the value is unquoted; as
  opposed to single/double quoted or literal or folded styles.
  A scalar-value event contains a flag as to whether the scalar was plain or
  not.
  Plain scalars are often assigned tags based on their content value.

* Processor

  A component in the load stack or dump stack to transforms data from one state
  to another.
  Load stack processors include: reader, lexer, parser, composer and
  constructor.
  Dump stack processors include: representer, serializer, emitter, streamer and
  writer.

## R

* Reader / Read

  A reader is a processor in the load stack that reads a file and produces a
  stream of unicode characters.

* Reference

  A reference can be thought of as a pointer to another node in the DOM.
  In YAML 1.2 the only references are aliases.

* Representer / Represent

  A representer is a process that turns native programming data into a YAML DOM
  state.

## S

* Scalar

  A scalar is a a leaf node that contains exactly one value.
  Strings, numbers and booean values are examples of scalars.

* Schema

  Schema in YAML refers to all the external information required to process a

>   YAML information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  YAML document stream.
```

  States include: files, characters, tokens, events, DOMs and native objects.
  For instance an "event" is a data state produced by a parser or a serializer,
  and consumed by a composer or an emitter.

* Stream (Character Stream)

  The set of unicode characters produced by a reader or streamer and consumed
  by a lexer or writer.

* Stream (YAML Stream or Document Stream)

  A YAML file is considered a "stream" of zero or more documents.
  A stream may also have directives and/or comments before, between or after
  the documents.
  This is the typical meaning when the word "stream" is used with no qualifier.

* Streamer

  This is the dump stack sister process to the lexer.
  It simply joins tokens into a character stream.

* String

  String is a heavily overloaded term in YAML and depends on the context in
  which it is used.

* Style

  YAML has multiple styles to represent collections and scalars.
  Collection styles are "block" and "flow".
  Scalar styles are "plain", "single quoted", "double quoted", "literal" and
  "folded".

## T

* Tag

  A tag is an annotation on a node.
  Tags are identifers preceded by a `!`, like `!foo` or `!!str`.

>   A tag identifier is used to identify a function that will be applied to a
>   node when it is retrieved from the DOM.
>   The function's return type is can be considered the "type" of the node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  A schema may define a set of regular expression rules that allow for implicit tags to be assigned to plain scalar values.
  A tag identifier is used to identify a function that will be applied to a
  node when it is retrieved from the DOM.
  The function's return type may be considered the "type" of the node.
```

Author: @eemeli 

I added instead **While tags may be written explicitly into a YAML file using the `!abc` syntax, it is quite common for tags to be added to nodes implicitly according to the rules of a schema.**

There are many ways that a schema can resolve tag based on the values and structure of the data. Mentioning regexes here is too much detail for a glossary. We'll document that elsewhere.
